feat(tkdodos-blog): add Offline React Query post (#3320)
tannerlinsley/react-query: docs/src/pages/community/tkdodos-blog.md

## [#12: Mastering Mutations in React Query](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/mastering-mutations-in-react-query)

> Mutations are the important, second part necessary to work with server data - for situations where you need to update it. This blog post covers what mutations are and how they are different from queries. You'll learn the difference between `mutate` and `mutateAsync` as well as how you can tie queries and mutations together. [Read more...](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/mastering-mutations-in-react-query)

## [#13: Offline React Query](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/offline-react-query)

> > You'll learn about the different offline strategies with React Query.
> [Read more...](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/offline-react-query)

Reviewer: I'd like to have a bit of an excerpt here usually, which is why I've copied the relevant paragraph here:

```suggestion
> There are many ways to produce promises - which is everything React Query needs - but by far the biggest use-case is data fetching. Very often, that requires an active network connection. But sometimes, especially on mobile devices where, the network connection can be unreliable, you need your app to also work without it. In this article, you'll learn about the different offline strategies React Query offers. [Read more...](https://tkdodo.eu/blog/offline-react-query)
```
